What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository a hidden folder named .git is created in
the main directory.  This folder contains meta data about all the changes made
to files that are being tracked within the repository.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a temporary place that you can take a file out of the
working directory and place it before you commit it to the local repository
to be tracked. It allows you to choose one-by-one the files you want to place
in the repository without having to place all of the contents of the working
directory in the repository.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

You can add to the staging area only the files you want to commit for that
logical change.  Once in the staging area, you can commit.  You can then repeat
this for any remaining files with changes that need to be committed, but for
a separate logical problem you solve with that code.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branches would help when I want to create an experimental branch in which I
test out features that I don't know if I will put into the master branch.  Branches
would also help if I want to created a different version of the code for some
purpose (i.e., different language, easier version).  Branches help by allowing
me to keep a master version of the code, but at the same time create different
versions that I can experiment on without affecting the master branch.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams help me visualize the branch structure by forcing me to decide how
these things relate to each other spatially and sequentially which helps me
more clearly delineate the internal structure of the commits.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches together is all of the changes from both
branches put into one branch.  We represent it in the diagram that way because
we usually merge one branch back into the master branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

The pros of Git's automatic merging is that it is done quickly, but a con
comes into play in that you don't see exactly how it merges all the code.
Manual merges force you to resolve conflicts and understand how the code will
be merged at a more granular level.
